README.md, before:

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/danger-cobertura.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/danger-cobertura)
[![Gem](https://img.shields.io/gem/dt/danger-cobertura.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/danger-cobertura)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/Kyaak/danger-cobertura.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/Kyaak/danger-cobertura)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Kyaak/danger-cobertura.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Kyaak/danger-cobertura)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/2e657e2a49ddf9696ece/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Kyaak/danger-cobertura/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/2e657e2a49ddf9696ece/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Kyaak/danger-cobertura/test_coverage)
[![Sonarcloud Maintainability](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Kyaak_danger-cobertura&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Kyaak_danger-cobertura)
[![Sonarcloud Reliability](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Kyaak_danger-cobertura&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Kyaak_danger-cobertura)
[![Sonarcloud Security](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Kyaak_danger-cobertura&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Kyaak_danger-cobertura)
[![Sonarcloud Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Kyaak_danger-cobertura&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Kyaak_danger-cobertura)

# danger-cobertura

A [cobertura](http://cobertura.github.io/cobertura/) report plugin for [danger](https://danger.systems/ruby).

This plugin allows parsing of an xml coverage report generated by __cobertura__ and displays desired metrics.

_It inspects only modified and added files, deleted ones are not considered useful for this report._

## How it looks like
### Errors about file coverage
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width="50"></th>
      <th width="100%">
          1 Error
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><g-emoji alias="no_entry_sign" fallback-src="https://assets-cdn.github.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/1f6ab.png">🚫</g-emoji></td>
      <td>example.py has less than 50% coverage</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Warnings about file coverage
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width="50"></th>
      <th width="100%">
          1 Warnings
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><g-emoji alias="warning" fallback-src="https://assets-cdn.github.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/26a0.png">⚠️</g-emoji></td>
      <td>example.py has less than 50% coverage</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Coverage report

#### Minimum 
 
File | Total
-----|-----
example_one.py | 50.00
example_two.py | 35.60
example_three.py | 10.48

#### Maximum 
 
File | Total | Line | Branch
-----|-----|-----|-----
example_one.py | 50.00 | 75.00 | 25.00
example_two.py | 35.50 | 20.50 | 50.50

## Installation

    $ gem install danger-cobertura

## Usage

    Methods and attributes from this plugin are available in
    your `Dangerfile` under the `cobertura` namespace.

<blockquote>Warn files with a coverage less than 50%
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.warn_if_file_less_than(percentage: 50.0)
</pre>
</blockquote>    

<blockquote>Show default coverage of all files 
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.show_coverage
</pre>
</blockquote>   

<blockquote>Use filename prefix to find your files - find your files in your filesystem. e.g Java projects are under "src/main/java".
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.filename_prefix = "src/main/java"
cobertura.show_coverage
</pre>
</blockquote>   

<blockquote>Show coverage of all files including line and branch rate
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.additional_headers = [:line, :branch]
cobertura.show_coverage
</pre>
</blockquote>   

<blockquote>Combine all reports 
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.warn_if_file_less_than(percentage: 60.0)
cobertura.warn_if_file_less_than(percentage: 30.0)
cobertura.show_coverage
</pre>
</blockquote>  

## Attributes

__`report`__ - Path to the cobertura xml report, e.g. `build/reports/coverage.xml`

__`additional_headers`__ - Array of symbols to include in the coverage report. Available options are `:line`, `:branch`

__`filename_prefix`__ - Path prefix to be added to both, the cobertura issue filename and the git filename attribute. e.g. `src/main/java`, `/Users/buid/workspace/project` 

## Methods

__`warn_if_file_less_than(percentage:)`__ - Add a danger warning for each file with a lower total coverage as given.

__`fail_if_file_less_than(percentage:)`__ - Add a danger error for each file with a lower total coverage as given.

__`show_coverage`__ - Show a markdown table including the coverage for all (modified / added) files.

## Development

1. Clone this repo
2. Run `bundle install` to setup dependencies.
3. Run `bundle exec rake spec` to run the tests.
4. Use `bundle exec guard` to automatically have tests run as you make changes.
5. Make your changes.

Commit message:

Update README and LICENSE to warn of forked state

README.md, after:

# danger-cobertura_multimodule

A [cobertura](http://cobertura.github.io/cobertura/) report plugin for [danger](https://danger.systems/ruby).

This plugin allows parsing of an xml coverage report generated by __cobertura__ and displays desired metrics.

_It inspects only modified and added files, deleted ones are not considered useful for this report._

## Forked Danger module

This project is a fork of [danger-cobertura](https://github.com/Kyaak/danger-cobertura) to work with a multi module project by also parsing the `sources` tags inside the cobertura reports and be able to match the coverage file nodes to the actual fiels included in the MR.

## How it looks like
### Errors about file coverage
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width="50"></th>
      <th width="100%">
          1 Error
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><g-emoji alias="no_entry_sign" fallback-src="https://assets-cdn.github.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/1f6ab.png">🚫</g-emoji></td>
      <td>example.py has less than 50% coverage</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Warnings about file coverage
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width="50"></th>
      <th width="100%">
          1 Warnings
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><g-emoji alias="warning" fallback-src="https://assets-cdn.github.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/26a0.png">⚠️</g-emoji></td>
      <td>example.py has less than 50% coverage</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Coverage report

#### Minimum 
 
File | Total
-----|-----
example_one.py | 50.00
example_two.py | 35.60
example_three.py | 10.48

#### Maximum 
 
File | Total | Line | Branch
-----|-----|-----|-----
example_one.py | 50.00 | 75.00 | 25.00
example_two.py | 35.50 | 20.50 | 50.50

## Installation

    $ gem install danger-cobertura

## Usage

    Methods and attributes from this plugin are available in
    your `Dangerfile` under the `cobertura` namespace.

<blockquote>Warn files with a coverage less than 50%
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.warn_if_file_less_than(percentage: 50.0)
</pre>
</blockquote>    

<blockquote>Show default coverage of all files 
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.show_coverage
</pre>
</blockquote>   

<blockquote>Use filename prefix to find your files - find your files in your filesystem. e.g Java projects are under "src/main/java".
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.filename_prefix = "src/main/java"
cobertura.show_coverage
</pre>
</blockquote>   

<blockquote>Show coverage of all files including line and branch rate
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.additional_headers = [:line, :branch]
cobertura.show_coverage
</pre>
</blockquote>   

<blockquote>Combine all reports 
<pre>
cobertura.report = build/reports/coverage.xml
cobertura.warn_if_file_less_than(percentage: 60.0)
cobertura.warn_if_file_less_than(percentage: 30.0)
cobertura.show_coverage
</pre>
</blockquote>  

## Attributes

__`report`__ - Path to the cobertura xml report, e.g. `build/reports/coverage.xml`

__`additional_headers`__ - Array of symbols to include in the coverage report. Available options are `:line`, `:branch`

**Note**: using this attribute is discouraged as it seemed to be a workaround for the absence of `sources` node parsing. Use at your own risk.

__`filename_prefix`__ - Path prefix to be added to both, the cobertura issue filename and the git filename attribute. e.g. `src/main/java`, `/Users/buid/workspace/project` 

## Methods

__`warn_if_file_less_than(percentage:)`__ - Add a danger warning for each file with a lower total coverage as given.

__`fail_if_file_less_than(percentage:)`__ - Add a danger error for each file with a lower total coverage as given.

__`show_coverage`__ - Show a markdown table including the coverage for all (modified / added) files.

## Development

1. Clone this repo
2. Run `bundle install` to setup dependencies.
3. Run `bundle exec rake spec` to run the tests.
4. Use `bundle exec guard` to automatically have tests run as you make changes.
5. Make your changes.
